README.md, before:

[![demo](src/assets/images/card.png)][1]

## ⭐  About
Cryptoscapes started out from a few skills I wanted to learn and practice over my summer break from college, the state management library, [Redux][2], [atomic design][3], and project management.

After tinkering with a bunch of cryptocurrency data with Redux, I eventually decided to create a simple UI to display this data, through the use of charts and graphs in a clean dashboard. Some of the visualisations seen also involve further manipulation of the data, such as a [heatmap][4] displaying metric correlations between cryptocurrencies. 

The result was Cryptoscapes, an information dashboard that displays prices, trends, status updates, market snapshots and much more. Visit the website at [cryptoscapes.org][1] to check it out!

## 🛠️  Key Techonologies
This project was deployed on AWS and built using:

- React
- Redux
- TypeScript
- Material-UI

## ❗  Data Sources
The information and data used in Cryptoscapes is provided kindly by the following open sources:

- [CoinGecko][5]
- [GasNow][6]
- [Alternative.me][7]
- [Blockchain.com][8]

## 😊  Contact Me
If you liked the website or just want to get in touch, email me at <a href="mailto:theleonardtng@gmail.com">theleonardtng@gmail.com</a> or drop me a message at the various social media platforms listed at the bottom of [my website](https://leonardntng.com). Cheers.

[1]: https://cryptoscapes.com
[2]: https://https://redux.js.org/
[3]: https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/#:~:text=Atomic%20design%20is%20atoms%2C%20molecules,parts%20at%20the%20same%20time.
[4]: https://cryptoscapes.org/trends
[5]: https://www.coingecko.com/
[6]: https://www.gasnow.org/
[7]: https://alternative.me/
[8]: https://www.blockchain.com/

Commit message:

Added project board link in README

README.md, after:

[![demo](src/assets/images/card.png)][1]

## ⭐  About
Cryptoscapes started out from a few skills I wanted to learn and practice over my summer break from college, the state management library, [Redux][2], [atomic design][3], and project management.

After tinkering with a bunch of cryptocurrency data with Redux, I eventually decided to create a simple UI to display this data, through the use of charts and graphs in a clean dashboard. Some of the visualisations seen also involve further manipulation of the data, such as a [heatmap][4] displaying metric correlations between cryptocurrencies. 

The result was Cryptoscapes, an information dashboard that displays prices, trends, status updates, market snapshots and much more. Visit the website at [cryptoscapes.org][1] to check it out!

## 🛠️  Key Techonologies
This project was deployed on AWS and built using:

- React
- Redux
- TypeScript
- Material-UI

## 📝  Data Sources
The information and data used in Cryptoscapes is provided kindly by the following open sources:

- [CoinGecko][5]
- [GasNow][6]
- [Alternative.me][7]
- [Blockchain.com][8]

## 🚧 Project Board
The development and task management of this website was done with the help of GitHub Projects, and the project board can be found [here][9].

## 😊  Contact Me
If you liked the website or just want to get in touch, email me at <a href="mailto:theleonardtng@gmail.com">theleonardtng@gmail.com</a> or drop me a message at the various social media platforms listed at the bottom of [my website](https://leonardntng.com). Cheers.

[1]: https://cryptoscapes.com
[2]: https://https://redux.js.org/
[3]: https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/#:~:text=Atomic%20design%20is%20atoms%2C%20molecules,parts%20at%20the%20same%20time.
[4]: https://cryptoscapes.org/trends
[5]: https://www.coingecko.com/
[6]: https://www.gasnow.org/
[7]: https://alternative.me/
[8]: https://www.blockchain.com/
[9]: https://github.com/leonardtng/cryptoscapes/projects/1
